Main Content Home » About Us About Us Boutique Realty It is with great pleasure that Boutique Realty welcomes you to Los Angeles, and to his website. With years of experience in the market, he knows how crucial it is for you to find relevant, up-to- date information. The search is over. His website is designed to be your one-stop shop for real estate in Los Angeles. This is the moment that you should enjoy the most; looking at the available properties in Los Angeles; imagining yourself living in the home that you have always dreamed about. You don’t want just another database that gives you rehashed property descriptions. You want to walk around the neighborhood from the comfort of your own home. You want to get a clear picture about life in Los Angeles. That is exactly what you get here. This website has been built with you in mind. From the highest quality property images to the most informative guides and blogs, she is here to make your home buying or selling experience smooth and stress-free. We specialize particularly in type of real estate, type of real estate and type of real estate in Los Angels. Established by top-producing Agent, from the very beginning, we have been raising the bar for what it means to provide first-rate service to our clients. In today’s real estate market, selling and buying a home requires advanced knowledge of online as well as traditional marketing platforms. Just having a real estate license and listing a home on the MLS is not enough – you want an agent who has their ear to the ground when it comes to market trends, a deep understanding of the communities they serve, and the ability to think outside the box. As part of the Boutique Realty team, our agents’ skills go far beyond closing deals. Our agents are well known for their all-out approach to the job. Whether dealing with a buyer or a seller, each member of our team is masterful at creating aggressive, effective online marketing campaigns that get maximum exposure. With our vast network and access to real-time market information, our agents are able to give valuable insights and guidance in all aspects of the buying and selling process. Over the years, our team has earned a number of distinguished professional designations. We showcase our sellers’ properties on our agent websites as well as top real estate sites such as Website, Website and Website in a way that gets attention. Our listings appear on leading local and national publications. Our goal is to make sure that their homes are viewed in the best light and are seen by the widest audience possible. Whether you’re a first-time homebuyer or this is your fifth home, you will have a seasoned pro to guide you throughout every step of the process. n today’s real estate market, experience can mean all the difference in a successful real estate transaction. From buying your first home to expanding your real estate investment portfolio, our team at Boutique Realty looks forward to helping you realize all your real estate goals, big and small. Our team is well respected within the community, and many of our agents are actively involved in everything from local charitable institutions to sitting on the boards of various community organizations. If you live in Los Angeles or are planning to relocate to Los Angeles, there is no better brokerage in the area to help you find the home of your dreams or to help you sell your home for the best possible price. Speak with one of our agents today to get started! --> Welcome to Boutique Realty, your premier destination for luxury living and personalized real estate service. As the top-rated NJ boutique real estate agency, Boutique Realty sets the standard for excellence in the industry. With offices in Hoboken, Jersey City, and Shrewsbury, we proudly serve clients from NYC, North and Central Jersey. Established by Lana Walsh Falcicchio in 2009, Boutique Realty boasts over 15 years of experience in the real estate market. With Lana’s extensive 21-year tenure in the industry, our team brings unparalleled expertise and insight to every transaction. As top NJ real estate agency, we’re committed to providing exceptional service and exceeding our clients’ expectations. At Boutique Realty, we understand the importance of local knowledge. Many of our agents have deep roots in the communities we serve, giving us a unique understanding of the local history, demographics, and vibe. Whether you’re looking for the urban excitement of Jersey City or the coastal charm of Shrewsbury, our team of dedicated professionals is here to guide you every step of the way. Experience the Boutique Realty difference and discover why we’re the top real estate agency in Hoboken, the top Jersey City real estate agency, and the premier boutique realtors in NJ. Let us help you find your perfect place to call home in Monmouth County or Ocean County, as the top-rated real estate agency in these areas. With Boutique Realty, your dream home is just a click or a call away. Contact us today to get started on your real estate journey. Ready to Buy or Sell with Boutique? Send Us A Message Got any questions? Get in touch Choose Side: Full Name Email Message